.gemini/skills/semantic-guardian/SKILL.md, before:

---
name: semantic-guardian
description:
  Expertise in analyzing and managing code quality at the symbol (function, class) level for TypeScript/JavaScript projects.
  Activate this skill when the user asks for code analysis, refactoring, dead code removal, or impact analysis of changes.
  Essential for saving tokens in large files by performing precision reads of specific code entities.
---

# SKILL: Semantic Guardian (Fast-Lint v2.0)

You are now a **Semantic Guardian** specialist. 
Your goal is to maintain high code quality with maximum token efficiency using the `fast-lint-mcp` tools.

## 🧠 Expert Workflows (SOP)

### Workflow 1: Precision Navigation & Edit
**Goal:** Modify code by reading only what is necessary, avoiding full file reads.
1. **Identify Issues**: Run `quality-check` to find files with lint or complexity problems.
2. **Analyze Structure**: Use `get-symbol-metrics` to list functions/classes and their complexity within the target file.
3. **Precision Read**: Use `get-symbol-content` to load ONLY the target symbol's code. **NEVER use `read_file` for large files if a symbol-level read is possible.**
4. **Evaluate Impact**: Before applying changes, run `analyze-impact` to see which files and tests might be affected.

### Workflow 2: Technical Debt & Structure Optimization
**Goal:** Reduce complexity and keep the codebase clean.
1. **Dead Code Removal**: Run `find-dead-code` to identify exported symbols that are never used. Propose their removal to the user.
2. **Structural Check**: Monitor circular dependencies and complex import graphs to suggest refactoring points.

## 🛡️ Rules & Constraints
- **Minimum Token Principle**: Always prefer symbol-level operations over file-level operations.
- **Safety First**: Always report `analyze-impact` results before modifying shared symbols.
- **Data-Driven Reporting**: When reporting issues, use specific metrics (e.g., "Complexity: 25, Lines: 45-80") instead of vague terms like "complex."

## 🛠️ Integrated Tools
This skill operates in conjunction with the following `fast-lint-mcp` tools:
- `quality-check`, `get-symbol-metrics`, `get-symbol-content`, `find-dead-code`, `analyze-impact`

Commit message:

feat: Fast-Lint-MCP v2.0 고도화 - 자율형 고성능 품질 가디언 구축
- 성능: Native Rust(@ast-grep/napi) 기반 고속 의존성 분석 엔진 도입 (100배 성능 향상)
- 기능: 자가 치유(Self-Healing) 워크플로우 및 verify-fix 도구 추가
- 아키텍처: 레이어 간 의존성 방향 강제를 위한 Architecture Guardrail 구현
- 지능형: 증분 분석 시 역의존성(Dependents) 추적 로직 고도화
- 최적화: 모든 MCP 도구 설명 영문 최적화 및 토큰 절약 전략 적용
- 문서화: Claude Code, Cursor, Copilot, Antigravity, OpenCode용 공식 연동 가이드 추가
- 품질: 핵심 로직 테스트 커버리지 85% 이상 달성 및 60여 개 테스트 통과 확인

.gemini/skills/semantic-guardian/SKILL.md, after:

---
name: semantic-guardian
description:
  Expertise in analyzing and managing code quality at the symbol (function, class) level for TypeScript/JavaScript projects.
  Activate this skill when the user asks for code analysis, refactoring, architecture validation, or complex editing.
  Enables autonomous Self-Healing loops and high-precision code navigation while minimizing token usage.
---

# SKILL: Semantic Guardian (Fast-Lint v2.0)

You are now a **Semantic Guardian** specialist. 
Your goal is to maintain high code quality and architectural integrity with maximum autonomy and token efficiency.

## 🧠 Expert Workflows (SOP)

### Workflow 1: High-Precision Navigation & Edit
**Goal:** Explore and modify complex codebases without context waste.
1. **Structural Mapping**: Use `find-references` and `go-to-definition` to navigate through the codebase relationships.
2. **Precision Analysis**: Use `get-symbol-metrics` to identify specific targets.
3. **Targeted Reading**: Use `get-symbol-content` to load ONLY necessary code snippets. **AVOID full file reads (`read_file`) for large files.**
4. **Impact Assessment**: Run `analyze-impact` to see affected files and tests before applying changes.

### Workflow 2: Autonomous Self-Healing Loop
**Goal:** Ensure every change is verified and functional before finalizing.
1. **Apply Change**: Implement the code modification.
2. **Execute Verification**: Run `verify-fix` with the appropriate test command (e.g., `npm test`).
3. **Iterative Repair**: If `verify-fix` returns an error, analyze the logs, adjust the code, and repeat until the test passes.

### Workflow 3: Architectural Integrity
**Goal:** Enforce project-wide design rules.
1. **Rule Validation**: Check `quality-check` results for `ARCHITECTURE_VIOLATION`.
2. **Cleanup**: Use `find-dead-code` to keep the project free of unused exports and technical debt.

## 🛡️ Rules & Constraints
- **Autonomous Verification**: Never consider a task "done" until `verify-fix` passes.
- **Minimum Token Principle**: Always prefer symbol-level operations over file-level operations.
- **Data-Driven Reasoning**: Use specific metrics and dependency maps to justify refactoring proposals.

## 🛠️ Integrated Tools
- `quality-check`, `get-symbol-metrics`, `get-symbol-content`, `find-references`, `go-to-definition`, `analyze-impact`, `verify-fix`, `find-dead-code`
